chance of resistance as hundreds of
protesters for the third straight day
calling on the Democratic party to
listen to the voices demanding an end to
Israel's genocide in Gaza I want to
one ceas fire now end the genocide full
stop earlier in the day at a press
conference Democratic party loyalists
with a message to kamla Harris that's
our message to vice president Harris
thoughts and prayers are not enough we
need meaningful policy change we need a
immediate and permanent ceasefire and an
arms embargo which means not one more
bomb will be provided from the United
States to kill children and families in
Gaza few Democratic Party leaders openly
support an arms embargo against Israel
many won't even talk about it and that
party activist say needs to change there
might be some folks in the party
leadership who are afraid to have this
conversation but but uh but but members
of the party are not afraid to have this
conversation the rank and file members
of the DNC are not afraid to have this
conversation and they're not afraid to
Advocate on behalf and and and stand in
solidarity with us to to fight for a
ceasefire and to fight for an arms
embargo representative Elon Omar said it
should not be difficult for the US to
end the Carnage so if you really wanted
a ceasefire you just stop sending the
weapons it is that simple right for
protesters it's about keeping up the
pressure on the Democratic party to end
the genocide and also halt arm sales to
Israel another big protest is planned
for Thursday Gabriel zando Al jazer
Chicago make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer